MARY ANN JOHNSON
Plaintiff

v.

JAMES C. SEXTON
Defendant

IN THE CIRCUIT COURT
FOR BALTIMORE CITY
CIVIL ACTION NO.:

COMPLAINT AND PRAYER FOR JURY TRIAL
Mary Ann Johnson, Plaintiff, by Ronald V. Miller, Jr. and Miller & Zois, LLC, her attorneys, sues the defendant, James C. Sexton, and in support, states as follows:

PREAMBLE
Mary Ann Johnson, the Plaintiff, is a resident of Maryland.
James C. Sexton, the Defendant, is a resident of Maryland.
The Defendant regularly visits and is engaged in business in Baltimore City, Maryland.
This action arises from a car accident which occurred on May 22, 2017, at the intersection of Maryland Route 152 and Rockford Road. Both are public roads in Maryland.
STATEMENT OF FACTS
On May 22, 2013, the Plaintiff, Mary Ann Johnson, was carefully and prudently stopped in her motor vehicle on Route 152, when her vehicle was violently struck from behind by the Defendant.
At the same time, a motor vehicle operated by James C. Sexton, Defendant, was traveling, and smashed into the Plaintiff’s vehicle, causing a car accident in which the Plaintiff sustained severe personal injuries.

COUNT ONE
Plaintiff, Mary Ann Johnson realleges and incorporates by reference all those facts and allegations in paragraphs 1 through 6 above and further alleges:

The collision was caused by the recklessness, carelessness and negligence of the Defendant, James C. Sexton, for that among other acts and omissions the Defendant:
operated the motor vehicle at a high, dangerous and excessive rate of speed under the circumstances then and there existing;
failed to reduce speed to avoid a collision;
failed to observe due care and precaution and to maintain proper and adequate control of the motor vehicle;
failed to keep a proper lookout for other vehicles lawfully upon the highway;
failed to exercise reasonable care in the operation of the motor vehicle under the circumstances then and there existing; and
In other respects not now known to the Plaintiff but which may become known before or at the time of trial.
As a direct and proximate result of the negligence and carelessness of the Defendant, the Plaintiff:
suffered serious, painful and permanent bodily injuries, great physical pain and mental anguish, severe and substantial emotional distress, loss of the capacity for the enjoyment of life;
was, is and will be required to undergo medical treatment and to incur medical costs and expenses to alleviate injuries, pain and suffering;
was, is and will be precluded from engaging in normal activities and pursuits, including a loss of ability to earn money and of actual earnings;
and, otherwise was hurt, injured and caused to sustain losses.
All of the Plaintiff's losses were, are and will be due the carelessness and negligence of the Defendant, James C. Sexton, without any negligence or want of due care on the Plaintiff's part contributing to the harm done. 
WHEREFORE, this Plaintiff claims ONE MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS ($1,500,000.00) in damages.

Respectfully submitted,
Miller & Zois, LLC

Ronald V. Miller
Miller & Zois, LLC
400 E Pratt St # 800
Baltimore, MD 20201
(410) 779-4600
(410) 760-8922 (Fax)
Attorneys for Plaintiffs